Remove Consensus Set (#353)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign: rollup-interface/specs/interfaces/stf.md

## Required Methods

### Init Chain

- **Usage:**

  - Called exactly once at the rollup's genesis, prior to processing batches.
    This method is used to perform one-time initialization, such as minting the rollup's native token.

- **Arguments**

| Name   | Type          | Description                             |
| ------ | ------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| params | INITIAL_STATE | The initial state to set for the rollup |

### Begin Slot

- **Usage:**

  - Called exactly once for each slot (DA layer block), prior to processing any of the batches included in that slot.

>     This method is invoked whether or not the slot contains any data relevant to the rollup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This method is invoked whether or not the slot contains any data relevant to the rollup.
```

- **Arguments**

| Name    | Type    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| witness | WITNESS | The witness to be used to process this slot. In prover mode, the witness argument is an empty struct which is populated with "hints" for the ZKVM during execution. In ZK mode, the argument is the pre-populated set of hints. |

### Apply Blob

- **Usage:**

  - This method is called once for each blob sent by the DA layer. It should attempt

>     to interperet each as a message for the rollup and apply any resulting state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to interpret each as a message for the rollup and apply any resulting state
```

| ---------- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| state root | STATE_root | A commitment to the rollup's state after this batch has been applied                                                                                        |
| witness    | WITNESS    | In prover mode, return the accumulated "hints" which the ZKVM will need to verify the state transition efficiently. In ZK mode, this return value is unused |

## Structs

### Blob

| Name   | Type  | Description                                                                              |
| ------ | ----- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| sender | bytes | The address of the entity which sent this blob of data to the DA layer, as a byte string |
| data   | bytes | The content of this blob as an iterable collection of bytes                              |

### InitialState

A rollup-defined type which is opaque to the rest of the SDK. Specifies the genesis

> state of a particular instance of the state transition function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
state of a particular instance of the state transition function.
```

### Misbehavior Proof

An STF-defined type pointing out some malfeasance by the sequencer. For example, this type could simply contain an index
into the array of transactions, pointing out one which had an invalid signature.

### Event

| Name  | Type  | Description                                         |
| ----- | ----- | --------------------------------------------------- |

> | key   | bytes | The key, used to index this event                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| key   | bytes | The key used to index this event                   |
```

> | value | bytes | The value, to be returned when the index is queried |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| value | bytes | The value to be returned when the index is queried |
```

| batch_hash     | bytes                       | The canonical hash of this batch                                             |
| tx_receipts    | repeated TransactionReceipt | A receipt for each transaction included in this batch                        |
| custom_receipt | CUSTOM_BATCH_RECEIPT        | extra data to be stored as part of this batch's receipt, custom for each STF |

### TransactionReceipt

| Name           | Type              | Description                                                                            |
| -------------- | ----------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| tx_hash        | bytes             | The canonical hash of this transaction                                                 |
| body_to_save   | optional bytes    | The canonical representation of this transaction to be stored by full nodes if present |
| events         | repeated Event    | The value, to be returned when the index is queried                                    |
| custom_receipt | CUSTOM_TX_RECEIPT | extra data to be stored as part of this transaction's receipt, custom for each STF     |

### Witness

> A custom type for each state transition functioncontaining the hints which are passed to the ZKVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom type for each state transition function containing the hints that are passed to the ZKVM.
```
